---
layout: post
type: socratic
title: "Socratic 13"
meetup: https://www.meetup.com/Austin-Bitcoin-Developers/events/276410251/
---

## Housekeeping

- Join our Telegram group (https://t.me/BitcoinAustin) [QR](../assets/imgs/telegram-group.svg)

# Taproot Activation:

- [Activation Meeting Topics](https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-February/018380.html)
- [Activation Meetng Results](https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-February/018425.html)
- [Lock in on timeout discussion](https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-February/subject.html)

# DLCs:

- [DLCv0 Milestone](https://github.com/discreetlogcontracts/dlcspecs/blob/master/v0Milestone.md)
- [Mailing List](https://mailmanlists.org/pipermail/dlc-dev/2021-February/subject.html)

# Bitcoin Core:

- [External Signer Support](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/16546)
- [Allow neutrino filters while pruned](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/15946)
- [I2P Support](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/20685)

# Optechs

- [Optech 137](https://bitcoinops.org/en/newsletters/2021/02/24/)
- [Optech 136](https://bitcoinops.org/en/newsletters/2021/02/17/)
- [Optech 135](https://bitcoinops.org/en/newsletters/2021/02/10/)
- [Optech 134](https://bitcoinops.org/en/newsletters/2021/02/03/)

# justin's links (will organize later)

- Andrew Chow's Bitcoin Core survey
    - [survey](https://survey.alchemer.com/s3/6081474/8acd79087feb)
    - [blog](https://achow101.com/2021/01/bitcoin-core-survey)
- [HWI support merged in Bitcoin Core](https://twitter.com/provoost/status/1364305306713542656?s=20)
    - [doc](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/blob/master/doc/external-signer.md)
- [Guix builds MacOS](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/17920)
- [Taproot, CAT and Covenants w/o presigned transactions](https://medium.com/blockstream/cat-and-schnorr-tricks-i-faf1b59bd298)

- [rusty's taproot meeting notes](https://bitcoinhackers.org/@rusty/105664386728806153)
- [arguments for LOT=true/false](https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-February/018380.html)
- [Nice lot= summary](https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/taproot-activation-and-the-lot-debate)

- [optech](https://bitcoinops.org/en/newsletters/2021/02/10/)

- [secure multisig bip announcement](https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-February/018385.html) and [bip](https://github.com/nunchuk-io/bips/pull/1)
- [descriptor language labels](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/21197)
- [multisig wallet creation issue in core](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/21278)
- [discussion about indices in descriptors](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/17190)

